enable webpack loader for css and fonts (#1928)
keystonejs/keystone: .changeset/ninety-ways-remain.md

---
'@keystonejs/app-admin-ui': minor
---

> Allow loading of fonts and add loader for css styles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a font loader to the webpack configuration that will allow loading of css files including in custom pages
```
